RELEASE-PROCEDURE: update to new schedule (#10827)
curl/curl: docs/EARLY-RELEASE.md

## Bugfix

During the release cycle, and especially in the beginning of a new cycle (the
co called "cool down" period), there are times when a bug is reported and
after it has been subsequently fixed correctly, the discussion might be

> brought up: is this bug and associated fix important enough for an early patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
asked: is this bug and associated fix important enough for an early patch
```

> release.

Reviewer: >the discussion might be
brought up: is this bug and associated

It sounded more like a question to me, so I suggested changes in 3 different parts (including adding a '?'). If it's a discussion, you may want to change the phrasing: "the discussion might be brought up to decide whether the bug and associated fix are important..."

> The question can only be properly asked once a fix has been created and landed

Reviewer: or "after". "Once" isn't bad - the meaning is clear, but I felt the wording could be slightly better.

>  - Is there a security advisory rated high or critical?

Reviewer 2: A high security advisory doesn't necessarily mean an immediate patch release unless the flaw is publicly known. But, I suppose it is "a question to ask".

 - Is there a data corruption bug?
 - Did the bug cause an API/ABI breakage?
 - Will the problem annoy an non-insignificant share of the user population?

If the answer is yes to one or more of the above, an early release might be
warranted.

More questions to ask ourselves when doing the assessment if the answers to

> the three ones above are all 'no'.

Reviewer 2: (this comment is for line 52 but GitHub doesn't let me leave it there). Change "How long is it left" to "How long is it" (or "How long is left").

(line 60) If we're lowering the bar for patch releases. "Unless done for security or similarly important reasons" seems to strongly worded. And "two weeks" should be now "10 days".
